Hi guys, in this t tutorial I want to
show you how to create a road like this
shoot using a real engine 5.7.
Okay, first thing first open the editor.
Okay, after that click here new project.
After that select game is third person
as template
and hit create.
Uh okay. We now go to here to file
select new level
and create basic level. Once it's
create, delete this basic level and go
right here to landscape mode. Hit create
a new land.
Okay. Fine. Landscape is created. Now
let's save currently.
Fine. Save as new map.
Okay. And to create our road, you need
the a plane. First of all, our plane. Go
here to shapes.
This map plane.
Go right here. Browse to asset
and duplicate this plane.
Rename road.
After that,
let's copy this one. Move it right here
in content. Move here. And let's go
right here. The content. This is my uh
road as you can see. Uh delete this one
from here. And let's begin.
Okay. Now, let's go here to P.
Okay. Select material and texture more
filter. Set price just only show free
products
and search for
American.
Okay, I want to choose this for fine
American road. You can choose as you
want it texture or the other uh one.
Let's choose one of them. Okay. Fine
American road. Choose the highest
quality as possible. Is the raw quality
at my uh project.
Okay. Hit yes. Hit accept. And the
downloading is picking. Now let's add a
background right here.
Let's search for dry grass.
Okay. Dried grass.
walk to my project.
Uh, okay. Fine. My texture is already
added. Okay. Now, let's close this and
let's write here
content tab
sur. Okay. Let's begin with glass.
Okay.
Select this landscape. Once it's
selected, make sure this one is visible.
Okay. Drag row material and
move this one right here.
Okay.
Let's go down right here
and double click. Let's get rid of the
tiling.
Let's fix this problem. Go here. Tiling.
Okay. 0.6 is good. Let's adjust it
offset and the Y offset
base color.
You can change it the saturation of this
color from here.
Brightness
and the contrast.
Okay, it's fine. Spinner.
I think this one is good. And the
normal. Let's add my normal map.
Now it looks more realistic. Save.
Look at this textures. Looks very nice.
Let's add my third person character.
Before that, let's save it.
Now, let's return here
and search for basic start play here.
Okay.
Okay. This is my basic
uh basic character.
I go here to content and let's add my
road. Double click right here
on my road and go here in content.
Make this one this place content
mascan surfaces find American road
material. Select the material and drag
it here.
Okay.
As you can see, this is my uh uh robot.
Save all.
Now, let's close this one. As you can
see, the texture is here. Now, let's
return here to land escape mode
and go paint.
Uh go manage splines this one.
And go here, add a new layer. This new
layer edit layer landscape edit layer
splininess.
Okay. And this layer spline select this
one.
I am
okay. Press control and left mouse
button and go right here. Select this
one.
Once it's
select this and make this road this
segment like this. Okay. Select this
first segment and go here spline meshes.
Click this press button and go here to
my road. One click here
and one click
here. It's a mess. Okay.
As you can see there is problem with the
X and Y axis. Let's fix it by going
right here forward axis.
Change this one to Y. Okay. After that
change the default value from here and
let's see.
Okay, it looks uh good. Now let's return
and continue our work.
Now
you can adjust our
one click.
Okay, this is my first row and click
right here. Ctrl second road
and add the same thing. Or you can do it
like this.
Ctrl C and go here. Ctrl
uh V to duplicate this one.
Okay. I want to duplicate this.
Uh okay. Now you can adjust as you want.
Let's go. Let's change the speed of the
camera. Okay. Follow. Select this final
segment as you can see and press
control. on desk. As you can see, this
is my wood. It looks very nice.
What's this problem? Let's fix it. Okay,
fine. As you can see, this is my error.
How to create the lotus in the array and
5.7
uh